Update privileges.md for new privilege (#57)
percona/pxb-docs: docs/using_xtrabackup/privileges.md

to look up the `innodb_to_lsn` values in the
PERCONA_SCHEMA.xtrabackup_history table.

* `SELECT` privilege on the [keyring_component_status table](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/performance-schema-keyring-component-status-table.html) to view the attributes and status of the installed keyring component when in use.

> * `SELECT` privilege on the [replication_group_members table](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/performance-schema-replication-group-members-table.html) to make sure group replication is consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `SELECT` privilege on the [replication_group_members table](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/performance-schema-replication-group-members-table.html) to validate if the instance is part of group replication cluster.
```
